four wheels enhanced
patency and it does not matter two people
quad bike something between
madrid and car
SUV broken road
rough terrain very
needed nothing but how will behave
similar technique on the ice of Baikal does not know
no one
this event will be in the book of records
Guinness on quad bike Baikal
haven't crossed yet
ride on a frozen lake
decided 17 daredevils are tourists from
germany krasnoyarsk
exit Parisians 3 quad and two
jeep for a week the group will
I will travel under the guidance
club expedition
prepared
meaning you have things for cold archers
its food is normally organized
how would we accompany
employees of moh who left and
control
in ice situation on the first day
the expedition presented its surprises
on the eve of a heavy snow
and cars are often stuck in snowdrifts
she has a slippery ice surface
technique brings
sometimes rotate it 360 degrees
interferes
similar faults appear on baikal
every day huge chunks of ice
collide forming a jumble
Hurry cracks are heard crackle
there is a push this is the result
seismic activity to
need to pass such sites experienced
navigator it is called honey
captain and reliable technique quad bikes
easily copes with the task
during travel the group spend the night on
recreation centers
but not overnight tents on
this case has everything you need
sleeping bags and tea thermoses temperature
minus 10 degrees but sleep is not cold
the main thing is to understand that in the tent it is right
then let go
attempts
Hispanic
how many people
we all understand
travelers on the ice
make a fire
between quadrocycles stretch the growth
which hang the boiler
old men and grays is krisito go
forward
very beautiful if you want
political scientist
30 h
this warming drinks on a halt
all the same
it serves the hole will enter
itar tass
m
Yes Yes Yes
document
during the trip members of the expedition
visited the most beautiful places
Baikal
Olkhon Island Chivyrkuy Bay
the cannon is not islands in total
tourists drove across a frozen lake
more than a thousand kilometers